---
author: "Church"
title: "Pew Sheet 11th July 2021"
image: "img/cross002.jpg"
draft: false
date: 2021-07-10    
description: "Seventh Sunday after Pentecost"

seo: 
    description: "This is a post page for St Alban's Church and St Augustine's Church Toowoomba"
    canonical: "http://toowoombawest.org/post/ps11"
---


#### Sentence

> Who shall stand in the Lord’s holy place? Those who have clean hands and pure hearts, who do not lift up their hands to what is false. Psalm 23: 3 - 4

#### Prayer of the Day

> Eternal God, open our eyes to see your hand at work in the splendour of creation and in the beauty of human life. Help us to cherish the gifts that surround us, to share our blessings with our sisters and brothers, and to experience the joy of life in your presence; through Jesus Christ, our Lord, who lives and reigns with you in the unity of the Holy Spirit, one God for ever and ever. . Amen.



#### Next Sundays Bible Readings
> * **First Reading**: 2 Samuel 7: 1 - 14
> * **Second Reading**: Ephesians 2: 11-22
> * **Gospel Reading**: Mark 6 1-16
> * **Psalm**: Psalm 89: 21-38

---

#### Name Badges
---
if you would like a name badge please write your name on the sheet in the foyer. They are free to new people and $10 for those who have lost theirs.

---
#### Notices
---

**Working Bee**

Working Bee St Alban’s  Sat 17th commencing at 8am and finishing with BBQ for workers. Your assistance is required

**Stable One Project**

Our Parish has a good number of volunteers,   but other churches have not, so you may receive a call to help out at        another church. Rev Pauline has done the roster, so you will know when you are required to attend, except for the bus and trailer drivers. **Please note, no one picked up washing to be done.**

**COVID-19**

Rules still apply.

**St Luke’s Pantry:**

Please bring non-perishable items to church on  the 1st Sunday of the month. 

**Prayer and Praise Service**
6:00pm 2nd and 4th Friday nights of the month at St Alban's. Dinner, music and fun for all the family. Some young or youngish musicians are required to help play some contemporary songs and/or older hymns jazzed. If you know any musicians please encourge them to speak with Pauline.

**Bishop Cam is coming to visit**

Bishop Cam is coming to visit 18th July.  If you wish to be received as an Anglican Please give Rev Pauline a call. 

**Garage Sale**
Our next Garage Sale will be held on September 17 & 18. Please keep all salable items ready. All items must be handed in by   31st August. We have a small amount of storage space for items. Please contact one of the Wardens with any questions. 

**Donations to Raffle**

for Garage Sale We will run a raffle for the Garage Sale as we did for the Teapot Extravaganza. Please donate items for the raffle. Unusual items and more up market items really appreciated. 

**One for your diary - Rep Theatre Night**
30th October - A comedy "One Slight Hitch".

**Show your Colours**
Cursillistas please wear rainbow colours, butterflies etc on 18th July

**Cursillo Weekends**

M80 12-15 & W80 19-22 August at Glendalough Sunshine Coast. Cursillistas please consider whom we could send. 